Let's talk about required reading books.
Drink English that we hated because I will start. I didn't select, I am the law.
Ha ha ha no I did not look. I did not look.
I did not like the book i am malala.
You don't know who Malala is?
Girl The girl who got- the Afgh- Afghanistanian girl who got shot.
And then because of that she became like, like an advocate for public health.
Capital, are you a feminist?
Oh my god. You dont know who Malala is?
She's the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner ever and she's a girl.
But her whole thing was like when she was like very young not very young when she grew up.
In um...
What's it called? yeah in the middle east and then like you know like women weren't.
Like women have like zero rights there and stuff and she got.
So she like got shot in the head by the...
What's it?
Yea by uh... (***).
Ha ha ha huh. She said.
So What's up? What's up? What's up?
What's the oppressive government called?
The one that takes.. that's uh that's like keeps taking over the Middle East.
Taliban yeah the the Taliban basically they showed up on like the school bus.
But that didn't stop her and she kept advocating for like.
....Equal rights for girls in education. Yep, I hated her book.
Yeah, Ha ha ha.
Yeah yeah.
I'll ask that.
It was uh, honestly that's kind of kind for him. I thought it was below average.
I've never.
I didn't like uhm Fahrenheit 451. What did you guys think of Fahrenheit 451?
Guy (***)
Yeah.
I was low-key scared of the McDonald's.
It's because he only wants male main characters.
Harry?
What what What book was that about?
Is that a man?
Huh ha hah ha hah uh.
He thinks he's so advanced because he's a male, huh?
Ha ha ha. hah hah.
Uh huh.
So it's like Moana. Okay okay.
Yea.
Wow intresting. So what was the what was the ending?
Wasabi?
He says.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yea.
He's writing his own book at this point.
Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh i dont need it. Its not. Because we're in uh I have ethnic studies.
Yeah. This year.
I didn't read it in 9th grade. That's crazy.
Why? Are you not a fan of ethnic studies?
Was it like 6, 7.
Hey really?
I know, I'm a little... I able to understand.